[THEME MUSIC]
-Pervert.
-What?
Just doing a little river
dance on your boobs.
More like an ice capades.
-No, no, no.
I stink.
-Um, yes.
I want-- I want that.
-No, you stink.
SARAH: Let's get
ready for school.
One, two, three, four, five.
Let's get ready for school.
Sylvia!
SYLVIA: Yes?
-I made a roast.
Can you just put in
the refrigerator?
-Yes.
-And then 350 at 4 o'clock.
-Si.
-I think that'll work.
-Come on.
Put that away.
Hey, hey, hey.
Let's go.
Hello-- Len?
Was that your dad?
Did your dad just go to
work without saying goodbye?
I think your dad
just went to work.
Where are my keys?
-So, I have an idea.
A really big juicy one.
Remember that kid's book,
"Are You My Mother?"
-Oh, yeah, that one.
-That fucking bird-- when
it's like, oh, the tractor.
Are you my mum?
-Yeah, [INAUDIBLE].
-Um, OK, well I want
to do a parody of that.
Sort of Urban Outfitters
checkout line book.
You know, those little--
-Yeah, a best seller.
I get it.
-Yeah.
Big money.
Um, that's like called
"Are You My Soulmate."
-Oh, Jesus.
-Um-- uh, sort of cautionary
tale about slutting
around and, you
know, just being me.
-I'm on board.
-Good, right?
-Yeah.
Top seller.
This is weird.
My dad literally never calls me.
-All right.
-Hi, Dad.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
-Oh, hands up.
Hands up.
[RINGING]
-Oh, it's Grandpa.
Hey, Dad.
What's up?
I got the kids in the car.
JOSH: Oh, this is
super tweetable.
Girls in the band
getting crafty.
Perfect.
-Will you knock it off?
-Can you, uh, lift
it up a little bit?
-No.
-Are you shooting?
JOSH: No, I'm serious.
-Like this.
Like this.
So that-- because I want to
continue with my knitting.
-Is this sativa or indica
-Sativa.
-Tell Barry--
-Are you serious?
-We need to re-record
my vocals on Party Foul.
-Sativa gives me
an anxiety attack.
-OK.
ALI: Hi!
-Someone's here.
-Someone has keys?
-Should I hide the weed?
JOSH: Yeah, it's my sister.
She's got the keys.
And yes, hide the pot
or she'll smoke it all.
-Hey, whoa.
Hello.
-Hi.
-There's two of you.
Hi, I'm Ali.
[BELL RINGING]
-Tammy.
What?
-Whoa.
-Hi.
-Sarah, wow.
-What are you doing--
I mean why are
you-- I thought
your kid was older?
-Oh, that's-- that's
Bianca with my first wife.
Um, she's 17 now.
And Quinn and I-- we-- we split.
-Oh, I'm sorry.
-No, no.
I'm married to Barb now, so
giving it a-- giving it another
go around.
A second go around.
You know.
We have a-- we got a
five-year-old-- Gracie-- who
she just got booted
out of the Oaks.
Yeah, no, she bit a kid.
I mean he was a total a-hole
and he completely deserved it,
but, you know.
What about you?
What you got?
-Uh, Ella is five
and Zacky is six.
And I'm married to a guy.
His name's Len.
He's great.
-OK.
-Hey, I saw that profile on you.
About your interior decorator.
-Yeah, designer actually.
-Sorry, designer.
-But that's OK.
-That photo is amazing.
-Good It pays the alimony,
the child support.
-We should get together.
-Maybe a play date.
-Right.
With the kids.
-I'll put a muzzle on Gracie.
-You look really great, kid.
-Oh, my God.
Please don't tell me you fucked
them both at the same time.
JOSH: No, I'm actually not
because one of them is 17.
So I'm not fucking her.
The other one is an actual
delightful human person.
So I'm not fucking her either.
I'm actually making
very sweet love to her.
You know, the sort
of, like, connected
spiritual clean double-churned--
-Don't talk like that.
Which one are you doing
that creepy thing to.
-The one on the left.
With the hair.
-Hm.
-Their band's actually good.
You would like them.
-Oh, really?
-Yeah.
Yeah.
-What are they called?
-Glitterish.
-Glitterish?
-Yes.
-Sounds like clitoris.
-No, it doesn't.
ALI: This is the one where one
woman stands in the back very
seriously playing the triangle.
JOSH: Yeah, that's true.
But, it's actually really
important to the sound.
It is.
-It's very important to sound.
-Oh, my God.
-Dude.
-What do you have
against the triangle?
-How do you feed these children
you have over at your house?
There's nothing in here.
You should get some, you
know, what they like.
Juice boxes and string cheese.
Treats for the kids.
-Are you done?
-Have you talked to daddy?
-Yes.
-And?
-You think he has cancer?
-Kinda.
-Well, if he's really
sick, he should
start gifting his
12 tho here now.
-Why?
-Tax purposes.
-You know, this is-- anyways,
don't worry about it.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
-Oh.
-Oh, what is this?
-Shotgun Willy's.
-Oh, my God.
I just got a boner in my tummy.
-This one is pretty
sure Dad has cancer.
-What?
-No.
-Seriously?
-Amy, we're here to hear
about his engagement to Marcy.
-Dad's not getting engaged.
He's too much of a pussy hound.
-Ew.
Really, he's a Marcy hound.
Haven't like the last
six had the name Marcy?
-Two.
-Goldberg and Kaplan.
Goldberg and Kaplan.
-Marcy Fitzelfeinerheinstein.
-Rubenstein or--
what was that one?
Re-- re-- fishnowitz?
-Ridinkel--
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
-Seriously, you really
think it's cancer?
Does Shotgun Willy's do the
coleslaw with the peanuts,
by the way?
-Yes, they do.
MAURA: My darlings.
My beautiful,
beautiful darlings.
-Hi, Dad.
-Hi, gorgeous.
-Hi.
-You're skinny.
-Oh.
ALI: Jesus, Tammy
motherfucking Cashman?
God, does Len knows the
kids are at the same school?
-Why would Len care?
-Um, maybe because you guys
spent your entire college
years lezzing it up together.
-Please.
Who doesn't
experiment in college?
-Are you kidding?
That's not experimenting.
You guys were talking about
adopting a kid together.
-That did not happen.
-Oh, my God.
I distinctly remember
you calling and saying
you were going to have
two Mexican boys--
-Stop.
You're boring.
JOSH: Ali, get over
here you little hooker!
-You always do such a good job
of getting the food, honey.
-Oh, thanks.
You can put it on my tombstone.
Always knew how much to order.
How many are we?
Is, um, is Marcy coming?
-Oh, no, no.
Marcy and I broke up.
I'm fine.
I'm better, actually.
JOSH: OK, here it is.
Here it is.
Oh, my God.
Look at that face.
Look at that.
They would never let me sign
a guy like this right now.
Look at that schnoz.
You could not get that nose on
TV today in a million years.
-I love you so much.
-You married him.
-I did when I was
four years old.
We had a ceremony.
I'll never be happy again.
BOTH (SINGING): Would you
help me place this call?
See, the number on the
matchbook is old and faded.
-Uh.
[SINGING]
-Wonderful job.
-These are really amazing.
Ali, you didn't
have one of these.
-Are you kidding?
Sarah, I'm gluten free.
-You're having
problems with gluten?
JOSH: Yeah, she is.
She's having a lot of
problems with gluten.
Also with restless legs.
-It's restless leg syndrome.
JOSH: Also, Epistein-Barr.
ALI: Mercury poisoning.
JOSH: Chronic
fatigue, Lyme disease.
She has Lyme disease.
ALI: It was documented.
JOSH: Four people in Los Angeles
has ever had Lyme disease,
and Ali is one of them.
But it was temporary.
ALI: Oh, my God.
Leave him alone.
He's mid-meal, OK?
Just as a golden rule.
Let him be as messy as he wants.
We'll hose him down at the end.
-No, you clean up
as you go along.
-You guys really didn't
ever teach us how to eat.
You realise that, right?
-Because we come
from shtetl people.
Your grandma rose actually ate
lettuce with her bare hands.
SARAH: Dear God.
Josh, seriously?
Do something about yourself.
-Actually on
principal, I will not.
I'm eating barbecue
and it's on my face.
I'm not perfect like you.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
-OK.
JOSH: This cleanliness USA--
SARAH: Oh, you know what?
It's really not that hard.
You wipe.
-Why don't you clean
out the barbecue
sauce inside your vagina?
-Hey, guys?
Listen, I have-- I need to
talk to you about something.
There's a big change going on.
And-- oh, God.
I love you kids.
SARAH: It is cancer.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
-You're dying.
SARAH: I knew it was cancer.
-Daddy, are you dying?
-I don't think he has cancer.
SARAH: Dad, just tell us--
-Dad, you look good.
He looks good.
MAURA: Thank you.
-It doesn't matter how he looks.
Remember Jill Goldberg?
She had melanoma
for three years.
We couldn't see it,
and boom, she's dead.
-Jill Goldberg is dead?
SARAH: Yeah.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
-Prostate.
Prostate cancer.
That's the one
you probably have.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
-Ah!
Stop it!
God, I don't have cancer.
You kids want me to have cancer?
All right.
So, I'm selling the house.
I'm done with the house.
-I'll take it.
-No, you won't.
JOSH: Why not?
-You're not going to
move to the West side.
JOSH: No, not to live there.
I'm going to flip it.
I've been Zillowing the
fuck out of this place.
You know how much
it's worth right now?
-Well, I-- it's cold.
-I'm sorry.
I'm almost done.
-Please?
-I'm sorry.
-I was thinking
that you and Lenny
would love to live
in this house?
JOSH: Oh, my God.
No fucking way.
Jesus Christ.
-Why do you want to
give the house to me?
-Because I do.
ALI: This is crazy.
Now she gets two sugar daddies?
She's already got one.
-I want a husband
to buy me a house
and works his ass off
so I can just go to yoga
and just take naps all day.
I'd love that.
ALI: Why do you two get to
decide who gets the house?
You've always had a house.
I don't have a house.
JOSH: You can't have a house
because you can't handle money,
which is proven by the fact
that you don't have a house.
ALI: Proven's not
a word like that.
As proven by the
fact-- that's a verb.
As an adjective-- a
proven fact-- that works.
See, this is why you
have to date children
because then they'll
correct your grammar.
-I do not date children.
-Yes, you do.
JOSH: You're a child actually.
Listen, Dad, it would've been
really nice if you had talked
to me about this
privately before you
turned it into a free-for-all.
You know what?
I have a show, and I
love you guys very much,
and I will speak to you later.
Goodbye.
SARAH: All right.
You want to take this home?
ALI: Yes, please.
-Dad, you don't need
all this food, right?
ALI: Ugh.
SARAH: Dad, I'm going
to put these baby
backs in a ziplock for you.
-Where are you going
to live, Daddy?
-Here you go.
-It's just a loan.
You know, the unemployment
people-- they just suddenly
got my apartment number wrong.
I don't know.
-It's fine.
-Somebody else is
getting my money.
-What happened do The
Price is Right money?
-Dad, that was
like six years ago.
-It was six years ago?
-Mhm.
-Oh.
Is that all gone?
-Yeah.
It wasn't that much.
-Mum always-- always
happy to help you out
when you had trouble.
-I'm not in trouble, I'm just--
-You know, Out of
all my kids, you're
the one-- you could
see me most clearly.
Probably because we share
the depressive gene.
-I'm not depressed.
-Boy, it is so hard
when someone sees
something you do not
want them to see.
-Um, well thanks.
SARAH: Ali!
Let's hit it.
-Go.
You want to go.
-Hi.
I-- no, I couldn't do it.
My God, I had no idea it
was going to be so hard.
I know.
Oh, thank you.
I love you too.
Yes, I will see you tomorrow.
JOSH: Rita?
It's me.
RITA: Hi!
Make yourself comfortable.
SARAH: All I wanted to say
was now is his retirement.
LEN: So that was it?
-Yeah.
-But you guys already
knew that he was retiring.
-Well, yeah, but not, like,
when and-- I mean, you know.
This was a confirmation.
LEN: It seems like
something he could
have told you over
the phone, but--
-Yeah.
I don't know.
Maybe he just wanted
to get us all together.
I don't know.
-You sure it's not cancer?
-No, no.
We talked about that.
No cancer, which is great.
Hey, I was thinking about,
um, inviting Tammy and Grace
over for a play date this week.
Would that be OK?
-Of course it'd be OK.
Why wouldn't it be OK?
-She's that, um, lesbian
that I went to Madison with.
-I like lesbians.
[DOORBELL RINGS]
SHELLY: I said I didn't join
this board to watch you turn it
from people who care
deeply about Palm Terrace
to a bunch of newbies who have
never sat on a condo board
before.
Never dealt with special
assessments people.
Never dealt with shit, frankly.
Hi, darling.
-Hi.
-I could go to gaol.
I could-- if you're going to
sit there, take your shoes off.
I'm going to cut up cantaloupe.
Well, they'll make a
pretty penny off that sale.
-We're not going
to get any of it?
-He's done paying me now.
Dating younger women
doesn't come cheap.
Well, he says he's single now.
SHELLY: I wouldn't believe
a word your father says.
Nothing.
Not a word.
Nada.
NInca.
Nein.
Nicht.
-How much did you guys pay for
that house when you bought it?
$83,000 in 1972.
ALI: Josh and I were
looking at old records.
There are so many good ones.
Why did you let
them keep them all?
-You know I don't
care for music.
-Is he OK?
-What?
-Ask him.
Everyone thinks since
he started losing words
he's stopped being able to hear.
But he can hear.
-Hi, Ed.
Hi.
How are you doing?
-See?
RITA: Where were you?
I don't get why you'd ask me to
sleep over if you're just going
to be like a billion years late.
-I can't sleep without
you next to me now.
-Oh, my God.
You have your Ambiens.
-My dad's gonna sell my house.
RITA: This house?
-No, the family house.
They got divorced.
My mum moved out.
My dad got to keep it.
I was 15.
-Why'd they get divorced?
-They said they weren't
in love anymore.
MAURA: Well, I went to Target.
And I just took her out,
you know what I mean?
And I got into a,
you know, a checkout.
And the girl at
the cash register
said I need to see some ID
with that credit card of yours.
And, um, well, you know
what that's like, right?
And I just knew-- I said
this is not going to be good.
This is going to get ugly.
And so she just kept looking
at me, and then she said oh.
Like that, you know?
And she rung up the, um,
batteries or something.
So that was-- now that
was a big victory.
And I didn't, uh, I was like do
not cry in front of this woman.
Do not cry in front
of this woman.
WOMAN: Thank you
for sharing, Maura.
Thanks for being
vulnerable with us.
-One more thing.
I made a commitment
here last week
that I was going to come out
to my kids and I didn't do it.
Because it just
wasn't time, you know?
But I will, and it will be soon.
I promise you.
-They are so selfish.
I don't know how it is
I raised three people
who cannot see
beyond themselves.
SARAH: Do you remember
my parents' house?
-Do I remember?
Don't you remember?
You took me up there for,
like, the world's most
awkward Thanksgiving
about a week
before they announced
their divorce?
-That was--
-Hellish.
-A particularly
bad Thanksgiving.
So, anyway, my dad's thinking
of moving or renovating.
You know what I would like?
-What?
-Your eye.
You want to check
it out with me?
-Yeah, sure.
-Isn't that your
whole, like, thang?
Your skill set.
-Yeah, I'd say that's-- yeah.
That's-- that's my skill set.
-Now?
-So tell me what you want?
-Uh, I just want
to change my body.
You know?
-What do you want to do to it?
-You know, I just want
those, like, those,
like, nice sculpted
arms, and then, like,
a nice little waist
and then the big ass.
Like the little waist, big ass.
You know, just feel sort
of rooted, you know?
Like a tree trunk.
It's not like I'm just
going to sort of fall over.
-Well, let's start with this.
What do you eat?
-Uh, food, mostly.
But then sometimes I eat
too much of the food,
and then I sort of hate that.
And then I get into a
deprivation thing, and that's--
-Deprivation.
No, I like to think of
it more as discipline.
ALI: Yeah.
-Yeah.
-I could use some discipline.
-Motherfucker, this is--
this is spectacular.
-Right?
-Yeah.
-We just have to go
around the back to get in.
He leaves the slider open.
-'76.
-'63?
[LAUGHING]
-Yeah.
-My dad's bedroom.
-The bones on this baby.
Nobody's, uh, nobody's
touched it, huh?
-Clearly.
You think it's--
it's worth so much
that we should just sell it now?
-I mean I wouldn't-- I
wouldn't give this thing up.
Unless-- unless somebody
needs the money.
How's old Mort
sitting for dough?
-Actually he's talking about
giving the house to me and Len.
-And Len wants it?
SARAH: Oh, God.
He'd jump all over it.
He's always complaining
about the East side.
He calls it the ghetto.
The gh-ett-o.
I don't know if I'm ready to
give up my Saturday mornings.
The farmer's market
and the pupusa lady.
-Oh.
it's the pupusa lady
you're going to miss, huh?
-Yeah.
I-- I really like her pupusas.
-What'd you say?
-What?
I love her pupusas.
-OK.
-What?
-You just-- you know.
When you say that,
you just make it
kind of sound-- kind of dirty.
[GASPING]
-What?
-I love you.
-You're such a loser.
Do not say that.
-Actually, I have a song
I want you guys to cover.
-That's what you're
thinking right now.
-(SINGING) Operator, oh, could
you help me place this call?
See, the number on the
matchbook is old and faded.
[INDISTINCT SINGING]
[GRUNTING]
-That's all I got.
-That's all you got?
-Yeah, that's all I got.
-Are you sure that's
all you got for me?
-Yeah, that's all I got.
-Move that big ass.
10 more.
10, nine--
RITA (SINGING):
Operator, oh, could
you help me place this call?
Because I can't read
the number that--
-Eight, seven, six,
RITA (SINGING):
Something in my eyes,
it only happens every time.
Think about the love that
I thought would save me.
[KISSING]
DEREK: Five.
[GRUNTING]
Four.
-(SINGING) And give me the
number if you can find it.
So I can--
DEREK: Three, two, one.
-Dad?
-Hi, girls.
[MUSIC PLAYING]